[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna continue in our secondary
series with Return of the Living Dead 2
which was released in 1988 let's get to
it we open on narration explaining the
history of 245 trioxin and it's reactive
fication properties it's believed that
all trioxin has supposedly been
destroyed but only because they didn't
do a proper headcount of the barrels
that were under the care of private
stoner here we then transitioned to a
quiet morning in suburbia Jesse leaves
through his comic collection picks the
perfect one and increases the [ __ ] out
of it we find that he's offering it up
as a tribute to become part of Billy's
club for neighborhood [ __ ]
when Jesse discovers these edge Lords
hold their meetings inside a mausoleum
he scampers off hiding in a nearby storm
drain he's quickly found along with his
sweet barrel Jesse's comfort level is
ignored again in favor of some good old
barrel action since Jesse won't stop
whining about it they basically attempt
to murder him by locking him in the
mausoleum and and Joey arrived at the
cemetery Ed's there to get some bitchin
skulls and Joey's there to earn a
hundred dollars for a hard night's worth
when they open the door to the mausoleum
Jesse uses the opportunity to scurry out
like a rat and run home meanwhile the
boys go out to see about their new
barrel and start pressing random buttons
as any super genius would they get hit
with the gas which settles in on the
cemetery and we all know what that means
things are still going well for ED and
Joey in all but ethical terms of course
since the dead don't need heads Joey was
on board but he draws the line of
fingers although this momentary bout of
conscience is subverted quickly with
shiny trinkets Jesse finishes his
homework and looks out to notice the
neighborhood boys acting strangely this
raises his hackles so he sneaks out to
talk to Billy finding him sick in bed
but still capable of manhandling him
Jesse runs off to get the number on the
side of the barrel while there he meets
tarmin 2.0 momentarily before telling
him to shove off and heading home Joey's
girlfriend Brenda eventually gets fed up
with sitting in the van smoking and goes
to check in she has a run-in with the
zombie right around the time the boys
are having a similar experience inside
with a party forming in the cemetery and
grabs a couple of quick Hail Marys and
they get to the truck back at home Jesse
runs in to shoveled and babbling and
can't find a sympathetic ear Lucy
actually ends up trapping him in his
room not wanting to risk missing a
single beat from the original movie
Jesse MacGyver's his own escape into an
adjacent room with a phone which he uses
to dial the army meanwhile outside etta
Joey steal the cable van at Jesse's
house and get into some classic hijinks
as they drive down the road
resulting in them taking out the phone
box and ending Jesse's call a neighbor
comes out to examine the twice dead
victim of their hit-and-run and ends up
giving a hands-on anatomy lesson in
response everyone continues running
eventually ending up in the same spot
confused and yelling heads sack is
particularly active so he pulls out his
evenings wages to both bring everyone up
to speed on the situation and force this
old finger gag head you are a card Tom
the Cable Guy tries to kill it like he's
squishing a bug but they're distracted
when Jesse gets scrapped they decide to
save him you know despite everything and
they run off to find a working phone
except Tom he hangs back for no other
reason than to attempt to pull off this
old chestnut as they work their way
across the neighbor's lawn we see Billie
expire they make it to the doctor's
house where they tried to impart the
severity of the situation and are met
with non-stop zingers and one-liners
they burst out of the garage and float
down the road in their boat it's
relatively smooth sailing until Edie
pops his head out to puke and gets
attacked by a stowaway we can tell he's
being choked because he sticks his
tongue out they managed the situation
and eventually arrived at the hospital
which is vacant luckily they have a
doctor in their party who begins a
somewhat standard physical examination
the outcome of which we can all likely
surmise at this point the rest of the
game continues to search for help but
finds the whole town vacated other than
roving gangs of zombies so they make a
quick detour to Grandpa's house for
firearms before heading back to the
hospital where ed and Joey are trying
desperately to recreate the magic of the
first film demonstrating the impact that
directing an entity cap on a movie's
atmosphere Jesse wanders often finds a
communications room but doesn't get far
with communicating before he's
confronted by a zombie he blasts in the
face but this only slows it down
luckily Lucy exits the elevator in time
to shoot him in half and they all take
turns as they have a much harder time
than necessary escaping from the danger
when dr. Mandel recommends separating
and Joey they decide to go it alone
taking the car they find the exit to the
town barred by the military and while
Brenda is in the process of pleading
their case at expires and munches one of
the soldiers the rest of the gang boosts
an ambulance and take off momentarily
angered by animal cruelty Tom finds his
road rage pays off as an abundance of
electricity appears 2d animate the dead
meanwhile Joey and Brenda's story ends
when Joey finishes turning and makes his
case for eating her brain she's not down
with that at first it actually takes a
surprisingly minimal amount of begging
before she much liked the audience just
kind of rolls over and gives up the rest
of the gang also finds the town exit
barricaded requiring them to enact their
final
for survival they go to the meatpacking
plant and acquire a box truck to fill
with boxes of brains
they then roll through town leaving a
trail of brains that lead to the local
power station they turn off the main
switch so they can lay some brain and
scatter some errant wires in the puddles
Billy jumps the fence allowing the dead
in early forcing them to retreat into
the truck but Jesse hops out of a small
hole in the front as I'm sure is
standard on every meat truck he learns
to drive a clutch through a wall and
then makes his way to the control room
where he flips the main switch back on
electrification everyone including Billy
then the army moves in to take all the
credit while all of our survivors
continue to rip off one-liners like
their Rodney Dangerfield
and that was Return of the Living Dead
part two the pale shadow if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of this channel by subscribing
thanks for watching
[Music]